Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - January 05
VIEW RECORDING - 54 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/5WgXyo2U3zUVWVaByzmhzEj1SzV6sXKs

---

0:01 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Hey, there we go. Little note taker, how are you doing today? All right, darling. Let's get this show on the road.  I've got some questions for you. This is all recorded. Funny faces that say weird things. Can and will be used against you.

0:21 - Maia Gromadowski
  Only ever between me and you.

0:25 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  And the bot. Yeah. The bot shalom. I mean, I was just thinking about how the bot could be like a Mossad spy sent by the Jews to watch us.  So the fact that you said that is actually pretty funny. I don't know. He's not wearing a yarmulke. The thing to do would be try to invite him to the chat on Saturday and see if he shows up.  If he doesn't, then his cover's busted.

0:54 - Maia Gromadowski
  Uh-oh.

0:57 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  All right, darling. I really do. done. Or. I on Saturday.

1:01 - Maia Gromadowski
  What's that? I said silly Jew, can't work on Saturday.

1:09 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  All right, darling, before we incriminate ourselves any further. Okay, so I've just got a bunch of questions. Just going to read them off.  You can answer them as best you can. And yeah, we will... What was it from there? Did you write down all your questions?  Yeah, I've got them. Okay, so first one, I mean, this is easy. So the name of the business is...  What are you laughing at? Are you distracted already? No.

1:52 - Maia Gromadowski
  The name of the business is MAG Dressage LLC.

1:57 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  LLC. Then, of course, your address is 24 Baxter Road, North Salem, New York. What's the zip, by the way?
  ACTION ITEM: Update Maia's Google Business Profile w/ 24 Baxter Rd, North Salem, NY 10560 - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/5WgXyo2U3zUVWVaByzmhzEj1SzV6sXKs?timestamp=124.9999  I mean, I could easily find it, but. 10-56-0.

2:10 - Maia Gromadowski
  1-0-5-6-0?

2:12 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Yeah. Yeah. And you're going have to ask Vicki if you could use that address. We would like to put it on the website, probably, and certainly on your Google business profile.

2:23 - Maia Gromadowski
  She said that I could do that. Okay. Great.

2:26 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Good, good, good. Okay. And then your email. So actually, I mean, the one you have is fine, magdressage2024 at Gmail.

2:36 - Maia Gromadowski
  They didn't have magdressage plain old when I tried to get it. At Gmail.

2:43 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Yeah, that's fine. I mean, now what you can do is, now that you have a domain name, you can actually get an email like maya at magdressage.com.  We could set that up for you. Wow.

2:58 - Maia Gromadowski
  I know.

2:59 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Isn't that cool? Oh, my God.

3:01 - Maia Gromadowski
  It should be M-A-G at M-A-G.

3:06 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  It could be. I like your name. It's a nice name. Maia.

3:14 - Maia Gromadowski
  Okay.

3:16 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Good, good. So we can handle that. And if we do set that up, then it's easy to set it up so that one email address forwards to the other.  So you only have to check one from then on. So people can keep sending to the old one and it'll just go to your, you know, whichever one you end up using.  But we can cross that bridge later. Just know that that's an option. All right. So if you have to give.  So I'm going to ask this like maybe two different ways. If you could just give an elevator pitch of your business.  Pressure. It's like, how do you run your business? Like, how do you think about training? Why should somebody join you?

3:57 - Maia Gromadowski
  So. So. Someone should join me if they're looking for exceptional care and individual programs that cater to a horse's specific needs, being at a five-star facility with five-star staff, and then for the training, of course.  So for someone that is young and super dedicated to what they do, I can help you complete any goals you want.  So I can hold anyone's hand and show them the way in the sport of dressage, dressage only, no jumping or Western, blah, blah, blah.  So five-star care, five-star facility, training catered to the horse's needs and the rider's needs as well, and on top of that, our location.  So being at a facility. That is right next to a preserve. We can hack. We can do other programs.  I have clinicians that come. So it's a very diverse program. It's a program that's open to all learning. Not everybody, not one person knows everything.  So we're all here to learn and continue learning, especially myself. So that's definitely the basis of the program is that it's a widespread land of knowledge.  And we're never perfect. So. You're never perfect?

5:34 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Did I just hear Maia admit that? Wow. I'm glad I have this on video. I'm just going to file that away for later.

5:46 - Maia Gromadowski
  We strive to be perfect all the time, but we might not be perfect all the time. Okay.

5:56 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Sounds good. If you have. To describe your creating philosophy in just three words, what three words would you pick?  Oh, gosh.

6:08 - Maia Gromadowski
  Well, the first one that comes to mind is never ending. Because, like I just said, dressage, it's it is never ending.  You can no one scores 10 out of 10 out of horse show. So no one's going to score a 10 out of 10 at home in training.  So it's it you're always improving, always growing. So never ending would be one word.

6:35 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Good.

6:36 - Maia Gromadowski
  I want to say fun, but that's such a boring word. Exciting. Exciting.

6:45 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, it is exciting.

6:47 - Maia Gromadowski
  It's always exciting. And we try to make it fun. Even when we're having a horrible time, we're trying to make it very always looking for that light at the end of the tunnel.  Okay, sounds good. The third Third word, the third word, dig deep, or maybe not so deep, whatever is the first thing.

7:14 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  If something just pops in, spit it in.

7:20 - Maia Gromadowski
  I mean, maybe elegant, because I'm elegant, and I try to make everything beautiful. Yeah, I haven't seen that first time.  Yeah. So our training's not always pretty, but we're always trying to just make it even more better and keep it very honest in the work with the horses.  They deserve it.

7:46 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Would you say it's fair to say that you have very high standards? Yes.

7:51 - Maia Gromadowski
  High standards, but I'm not aggressive. Because patience also plays a big part. Into this role. Into Cool.

8:01 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  That makes sense. Okay. So then what would you say is the single biggest thing that separates you from other trainers, particularly in the area or anybody who might be your competition?  Why do people switch to you? Why do people stay with you?

8:17 - Maia Gromadowski
  I think just the type of person that I am. not saying I'm the best person. And I do the best at dressage.  But no one does the best if you think about it. And I think just the fact that I have an open mind and I'm willing to work with people instead of having people be sucked into one program and one way of training or one way of taking care of a horse.  Of course, I have my standards and my rules and the way that I do things, but I enjoy actually hearing people out and creating a nice, strong community based on.  Okay, cool.

9:04 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  And I believe that. then I think you've also, I mean, I think I've heard you talk specifically about why some clients have ended up with you from other places that were like specific reasons, right?  Like having to do with horse care?

9:17 - Maia Gromadowski
  Well, I'm also so dedicated. So some people aren't like that. And that goes into care too. So dedicated in terms of how I show up, dedicated in terms of how I get my staff to show up, how I keep the standards here, how everybody needs to be this, this, this, this, and horses need to be this, this, this.  That all comes from dedication. It all comes from actually being in there and watching it. Maybe not every minute of every day, but definitely pretty close.  So my dedication is high up there. Am I taking vacations every other weekend? No, I'm here. The horses are here.

10:07 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, cool, cool. So how about your big wins? What are the specific awards, medals, or certifications that give you authority?  That give me authority.

10:20 - Maia Gromadowski
  So my biggest win so far is from 2024 with no limit reserve champion at the intermediate one level in the open division.  So that was very awesome. That was for region eight. And the I one is pretty high up there. That's like two levels away from Grand Prix.  So that was awesome. And that was also my first year out on my own, like competing under my own name, not under my old boss's name.  And it was also my first year competing at that level. So I had never competed that high. And to finish the season reserve champion in the entire region was really awesome.  So that was great. And then also, you know, there are a few, it's not just medals and awards, but you can take my young horse, Milena.  Yeah, I bred her, and I trained her. And she's up to Pre-St. George I-1 level now, all from me.  So that's a huge accomplishment that I can take an animal like that and take it up the levels the way that I have and make her as confident as I've made her.  And she's definitely going to go further. So that's a fantastic accomplishment. Super scrappy.

11:51 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Yes.

11:53 - Maia Gromadowski
  And then also with Nadia, the horse, the season, young horse. The showed her at first and second level. She's on the younger side, so we don't compete super high levels on younger horses, as they just are not that mature yet.  So she made it to nationals, and we were a reserve champion out of the whole country for second level, so that's really awesome.  And it was the first, like, huge horse show that that horse went to, so the fact that I can go travel with that horse halfway across the States and show her the confidence that she needed to create such success in that one weekend, that's really awesome for me and for my business.

12:46 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Awesome. And then there's another one, of course.

12:49 - Maia Gromadowski
  There are a few. I mean, feel free to keep going. We could take Sonny, for example. He's a horse that I got, and...  Got into my program. The owner had owned him for eight months and had him with another trainer for eight months.  And basically in that eight months, the horse turned from being wonderful and a high-level horse to becoming super difficult to ride, super out of shape, a little bit lame, which means they're not, you know, fully sound.  Um, limping a little bit. So there's this horse that was a six-figure horse and then probably turned into low fives all in eight months.  And then I had the horse for just, we could start with the first year and I got him in better shape, showed him third level.  That was decent, but then the next coming year. So I've probably had him now for a year and a half.  And he also did regionals this summer, got six. So that's a great accomplishment that a horse like that in my training can improve show-wise, health-wise, muscle-wise, training-wise, and kind of get its old shape and figure back after someone else.  It had not been dedicated to the horse or the rider, and it completely tarnished the horse's abilities. So that's a huge accomplishment.  And then there are a handful of those, but that's my biggest one. But I did gain a group of horses in the time when Sonny came, and they were all a little bit out of shape.  And the owners had no idea why. They didn't know anything. So that's another great thing about my business. Business is that I talk to these people and teach them, hey, your horse is not looking so good, and I'm going to be honest, and here's what we could do about it, though, and we do it.  So that's between awards and medals and all of that, making them healthier and happier. Those are huge accomplishments for me.  Good.

15:27 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  And then you've also helped clients source horses before, right? You want to talk a little bit about that?

15:32 - Maia Gromadowski
  So I will be honest, it's not my favorite thing to do. I am not a seller, buyer, agent type of girl.  If we have to, we will, but I can't say that I particularly enjoy the process.

15:52 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Can I interrupt you real quick? Does that mean that that's not necessarily something we should hold out as being a service that you're putting forward?  I

16:00 - Maia Gromadowski
  I don't know, because it's unfortunately a great way for me to make more money, even though I don't particularly enjoy it.  Maybe we can say that I have. I have gone to Denmark, and I have sourced a horse from Europe and done that, so I do have experience there compared to some other trainers.  Even in New York and Connecticut up here, they haven't had the opportunity, so...

16:30 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  It's experience that maybe is relevant, but maybe we don't want to put it forward.

16:34 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yeah, we could say it more as an experiential thing versus, oh, hey, come to me if you want to find a horse.  So, I do have contacts, and I have contacts to, like, agents in Denmark and agents in the Netherlands. I have contacts with agents in Florida, so you could put something in like that.

17:01 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, we won't push it too hard, but that makes sense. Then finally, to round out this section on identity and credentials and everything, what trainers have you worked with?  What are the most well-known trainers, big-name trainers that you've worked with, whether that's just like you took a clinic with them or you have a relationship with them like Heather Mason?

17:27 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yeah, so Heather Mason's my current trainer now. She's awesome. Very well-known in the New England area. So she's someone that I've trained with.  I've with Lars Peterson before. I've clinic with Scott Hassler before. I used to take a lot of lessons from Pam Goodrich.  She's also on the same scale as Heather Mason. And then, obviously, I trained with Mary Lawrenson, but you don't have to put that in.

18:04 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, cool, cool. Good, I think that's plenty of information to work with about, yeah, just kind of why you.

18:13 - Maia Gromadowski
  Oh, and Ben Franklin, sorry. Ben Franklin, too. Not the lightbulb guy.

18:18 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Oh, no. The drunk, never mind, I'm not going to go there.

18:24 - Maia Gromadowski
  No, the UK-based Ben Franklin. Okay, good.

18:33 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, cool. Real quick, some questions about how you want to, if you want to feature your current clients at all.  How much do you want to feature current clients and their horses? Do you want a team page with photos of them?  Do you prefer to keep the site strictly focused on you and your facility?

18:52 - Maia Gromadowski
  No, I would love to incorporate the clients because it's such a nice community here. page Do want team you you Do  And I think that that can actually be showcased a lot because, believe it or not, people are looking for that.  They're not just looking for a place to board their horse, but they are looking for an environment that's welcoming and supportive.  So everyone here that I have right now, I have 10 clients, and everybody's like that. Everybody's friendly. Everybody's nice.  Everybody cheers each other on a horse show. So I'd love to incorporate little client family type of photos or messages, but then I'd like to showcase clients to the ones that are showing.  Right now, I don't have a ton, but for example, Penny and her silver medal that she got with me.  So in order to get a silver medal, first it's bronze, silver, gold, and in dressage, how it works, it's training level, first, second, third, fourth, pre-St.  George, I-1, I-2, bronze. So for bronze, you need a certain amount of scores in order to qualify. And so bronze is through third, and then silver is through Pre-St.  George, and gold is obviously through Grand Prix. So I had a client that bought her silver medal training with me and showing with me.  So that's awesome. And then I hope to have at least two or three clients get their bronze with me this coming show season.

20:31 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, great. So let's dial into a couple of things you just said now. First of all, it sounds like it is important, actually, that we feature the kind of family aspect, because you actively want to encourage that attitude in new clients that you bring on.  You want them to mesh into that dynamic. It's very helpful.

20:47 - Maia Gromadowski
  It's helpful for me when everybody gets along, because this is also my home. And I don't want my home to turn into a place.  Where people aren't going to like each other. They're going to be distant from each other. I need everyone to be on the same page.  It's also helpful for the horses. The horses need to feel calm and confident. And in order for that to happen, everybody here needs to be the same way.  So it's really, really important for me that that is definitely showcased and it is definitely a priority. Okay, cool.

21:32 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  So then it sounds like we probably want to try to get some photographs too from shows where people are together and maybe feature the holiday party or things like that.  Yeah, yeah. Okay, cool. Then you already touched on this, but like any other key client accomplishments that you want to point out?  Oof. So you said, so how many of you have actively showing right now? I mean,

22:00 - Maia Gromadowski
  This season, it was honestly only Alexandra and Penny, and Andrea showed one time. So this season wasn't a lot, but next season, like, Andrea will definitely show Sunny, I'll have Penny, Jennifer, Jennifer is great, she's gonna be awesome, and Alexandra, and then that's also the goal.  Like, the more that the clients show that they show, and show that they like it, and it becomes a team thing, that's how you attract more people like that.  So the goal would definitely be, maybe not everybody in-house showing, because that would be, that would be absolutely chaotic.  You need to find yourself. Oh my god, imagine bringing, like, 15 horses to the first show. Um, so maybe not the whole group, but...  ... ... ... Definitely at least half of the clients. And right now, if I have 10, then that would be about five people showing throughout the season.  That would be nice. Okay, cool.

23:10 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Just a logistical point about photographs and things. So for horses that you feature, do you need to ask permission from the owners?  Do you have images that you own the rights to where you could use without a problem? Yeah.

23:23 - Maia Gromadowski
  Cool.

23:24 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  No problem naming the horses, naming clients, anything like that? That should all be? No, that should be fine. Okay, sweet.  I think that's all I wanted to know about the clients, horses, the team dynamic, everything. Oh, what about staff?  Do you want to say anything about them? No.

23:49 - Maia Gromadowski
  Not personally or not at all?

23:52 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Like you don't have any comments on? They're not legal. legal.

23:56 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yeah. Yeah.

23:57 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  So, I mean, true. So, identifying... I don't know. nav37. It's probably not wise.

24:02 - Maia Gromadowski
  But I mean, like, if you want to talk about, you know, I had like a general, maybe a general sentence that wouldn't name any names or anything.  Sure. That is something that like clients can comment on is like, oh, attentive grooms, whatever. But I personally don't want photos of them or their names or the amount of staff that I have.  I need that to stay a little bit low key. You have grooms.

24:34 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  They're always there. Clients love them. Enough said.

24:37 - Maia Gromadowski
  The mention of full service care. So full service care means that the clients show up and their horses are dressed and ready to go for their lesson.  That's important. Some barns, some barns in the area. It's it's called like basic care, basic care, basic board. So and I have been at facilities that are like this where you show up.  Your horse is in its stall. It's dirty. And you have to get it out and clean it and tack it up and get on, get off, untack it, give it a bath, clean it, whatever, and clean all of your equipment, put it all away.  And then you're done for the day where my staff, they will, you know, keep the horses clean, clip them, bathe them, do whatever we need, attend to them, not just the basic stuff, which would be like putting them out in the paddock, cleaning their stall, giving them food and water.  So it is technically called full service in the industry. That's what it is labeled as. So full service facility would be that the grooms are taking the horses out, cleaning them, tacking them up, and receiving them from the rider when they are finished, untacking the horses, giving them a bath if they need.  Or just hand grooming them if they didn't sweat that much. And then cleaning all the equipment and making sure that that is all always clean and organized and put away neatly.  The staff is also doing all of the laundry. I have personally been at Barnes where I'm taking my horse's things home and cleaning it.  So here it's full, full service. The laundry's done. Blankets are washed. Horse saddle pads, you name it, girths, everything.  So clients really do not need to worry about anything besides their ride. So that is very nice. Because if you come to the barn all worried about what you need to do or something's missing and you don't know where it is, that's also the other thing.  Yeah, exactly. How can you be in the moment with your horse while you're on their back? But also, these clients, they don't need to purchase brushes and shampoo and all of that.  Because I supply everything. My grooms have their own set of brushes. They have shampoo. The clients literally do not need to worry about that.  Again, I've been at barns where I had to take care of my own horse. And there is no shampoo that everybody's using.  You have to use your own. have to write your name on it. Don't you dare leave it in the washcloth because someone's going to use it and take it.  So it is very full service here.

27:25 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  And stuff, incidentally, on that point, stuff does not go missing at your barn. No, no.

27:31 - Maia Gromadowski
  There was only one thing.

27:32 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  One incident. Yeah, well, but she's gone. Yeah.

27:38 - Maia Gromadowski
  Cool.

27:39 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  I think that's important. That's all good to highlight. Okay, cool. As far as the facility itself, what kind of specs do we want to highlight about the farm?  So first of all, how many acres is the farm? It's 24. 24 acres. it's right in the middle of North Salem, right?  Like... That's like fire puppy. like... It's I to

28:00 - Maia Gromadowski
  24 acres right next to the North Salem Preserve, which is about 250 acres of open land to ride on.  On top of that, there are other trail systems in North Salem that we are close to. So alone, we probably have about one, two, three, four, about five different routes to take if you wanted to go on a trail ride, and that is all just from leaving the farm.  We have about, we have 16, 16 grass paddocks that are very generously sized. We do have, what is it called?  We just say generously sized, by the way.

28:45 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Do you have any idea how large they are? Ooh, ooh.

28:51 - Maia Gromadowski
  They're big, I know.

28:52 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  I know.

28:53 - Maia Gromadowski
  Every paddock is probably about three to four acres. Some are large. Larger, but I'd say the smallest is three acres.

29:04 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Well, you said the farm is 24 and there are 16 paddocks. Yeah.

29:10 - Maia Gromadowski
  Does that math make sense?

29:13 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  That math ain't mathin', but if the farm is 24 acres... Maybe one acre. Yeah, they might be an acre apiece, and that leaves like eight acres left over.  It's, you know, from what I've seen of the farm, that wouldn't be a crazy... They take up most of the land of the farm.

29:31 - Maia Gromadowski
  Oh, definitely. Oh my God. Okay.

29:35 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Cool, cool. So maybe they're about an acreage, maybe a little less, maybe a little more, but they're big. They're huge.

29:41 - Maia Gromadowski
  And then we also do have medical paddocks. So that is great to showcase as well because our medical paddocks are graded.  So they have material underneath where they won't get muddy. They'll stay very level. So if a horse has an injury and it's not allowed to go out in the...  A grass product, because God only knows what it will do out there with so much space. We have the medical products that are super safe for horses that might be rehabbing or need a little bit more security.  Okay, cool.

30:15 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  By the way, so I – oh, you got more? I always have more.

30:21 - Maia Gromadowski
  What are you going to say?

30:22 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  I was just going to say, I realize now that I was woefully optimistic about how long this was going to take.  If you need to do the grain, let me know at some point. I should definitely do it before 3.30.  Okay, but we are – I definitely do have a bit more to ask, and I feel like we could go on.  Like, I want to have – I want to have everything. So if you can do it, that'd be cool.  If you need to take a break and do the grain, that's no problem. Just let me know. All right, keep going.  Hey. Calm down. What else?

30:56 - Maia Gromadowski
  You need to know more about the farm? Yeah.

30:59 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Yeah. Yeah. I mean, so what are the facilities in general? can describe them, right? So there are two barns.  There's the lower barn and the main barn. How many stalls are in each one? How many are free right now?

31:15 - Maia Gromadowski
  So there's 10 stalls in the lower barn. Technically, we could make that wash stall in the lower barn into a stall if we had to.  So that would be 11. But I guess we should probably just say 10 to keep everybody happy. And then, so 10 stalls in the lower barn.  In the main barn, have 12. 12 stalls in the 22 stalls in total.

31:46 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  How many horses could you take on right now if they were knocking down your door?

31:54 - Maia Gromadowski
  I technically can't take any more if I have Selena coming back. So. 14 in total.

32:05 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, so there's no more space for new horses? No. Well, Indy's only staying for the winter, right?

32:13 - Maia Gromadowski
  This is like a side note, but we have another horse coming next week for Vicky. It's a retired horse.  So ideally, Max, this retired horse, Vicky's horse, Testino, the plan is for them to live outdoors 24-7 in the spring.  So then that opens up more stalls. That's why I'm a little bit limited right now. Okay, so that would be three stalls?  Normally, I can't have more than 15. That's my contract with Vicky.

32:52 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, and you have 14 now?

32:54 - Maia Gromadowski
  I have 13 now, but I always have to account for Selena. Okay. Okay.

33:01 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  So contractually and in terms of space. So space, you have no more right now. Yeah, I'm full.

33:11 - Maia Gromadowski
  Contractually, could fit one more horse.

33:13 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Yes.

33:14 - Maia Gromadowski
  Indy is leaving in a couple months.

33:16 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  I could kick out someone that I don't like. Well, was going to say you have a client that, yeah, so Nancy, you could get rid of if you needed to.

33:24 - Maia Gromadowski
  If I really need to, very awkward, but it's business, not personal. That would be my first choice. Okay.

33:33 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  So your ability to take on new clients is fairly limited at the moment.

33:36 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yes.

33:39 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay. How do you see that working in the future? Like, and do you want it?

33:45 - Maia Gromadowski
  In the future, well, there are a few things. Obviously, if I purchase my own facility, again, I can purchase my own facility in a few ways.  If it happens to have more like 25 stalls, boom, problem solved. Or I purchased my own facility for my own personal horses if it's a smaller place and then continue to board clients and have my like more permanent staff at a place like Comfortside, right?  So let's say I purchased a house with a small four stall barn and I brought my personal ones there and then it takes my cost down for the personal ones and I can ride and train them at home and then I have a place like Vicky's where I can charge people up the wazoo to have them be here and make more money that way.  Or what a lot of people do in my boot, in my shoes, another thing that we have to showcase is, I don't know where and when I would have time to do this, but it's...  I went to travel to other barns to teach people at their own facilities. So that's great because then, one, I don't have to pay to take care of their horse, like pay staff to take care of their horse or have that extra hassle.  And then I could just go, boom, I have another client. They can meet me at a horse show. I could go to their place, their facility, train them there and make money from training that way and then just have my core at home.

35:30 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, makes sense. So let's punt on a lot of that then. Some of that's definitely interesting to talk about in the future.  Then I guess my last question on that point then is what would happen if, you know, five of your ideal clients showed up out of the blue tomorrow wanting to work with you?  What would you do? What would that look like?

35:48 - Maia Gromadowski
  Oh, gosh. These are like awesome fits.

35:51 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  They've got good horses. They fit your, you know, they want your program. They're going to be competitive, whatever.

35:57 - Maia Gromadowski
  I'd shred all of my fat here. So much is there?

36:01 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  If you had five clients that were ideal clients at your door, would you be able to get all five of them in the door?

36:08 - Maia Gromadowski
  Maybe not all five.

36:12 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  You'd find a way to shove two, three, four of them in there? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay, cool. Enough said.  Good, good. Do you know what the stall sizes are?

36:30 - Maia Gromadowski
  So, it's an odd barn because it's so old, and all the stalls are very mishmoshed. Some are generously sized.  Like, in the main barn, those stalls are ginormous. In the lower barn, I'd say they're probably 10 by 12.  Main barn is, like, 12 by 12. They're huge. So, they're all large.

36:55 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay. Is the bedding anything? special that you want to mention?

37:02 - Maia Gromadowski
  Um, I mean, I bed generously. That's why it's so expensive.

37:08 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay.

37:09 - Maia Gromadowski
  But I do bed generously. The stalls are bedded on three walls, so they're bedded high, and yeah.

37:20 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Good, good. Um, the footing is actually pretty special, right, in the arenas? The footing is phenomenal.

37:26 - Maia Gromadowski
  We probably have some of the best footing in Westchester County. Do you know what it's made out of, or what the details are there?  the exact material, but it is Lawton Adams footing.

37:37 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Is that a brand name?

37:40 - Maia Gromadowski
  Like, people in my industry would know what that means, if I put that, but that's, like, the guy. Lawton Adams Supply, I think it's called.  But he, his footing, so many people use his footing, but ours is because we have, like, this synthetic layer underneath it that is super mushy, so there's a lot of give in our footing.

38:00 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  It's L-A-W-T-O-N, Adams? Yes. Based in Summers, is that right? Yes. Okay, cool.

38:11 - Maia Gromadowski
  Lawton.

38:13 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Lawton Adams, yeah, it's quiet. What's the turnout situation? Horses get turned out daily, yeah?

38:22 - Maia Gromadowski
  What? What's the turnout situation?

38:25 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  The horses get turned out daily, yeah?

38:29 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yes. They get turned out daily. It's usually weather-dependent. If it is obviously hailing, they're not going outside. But as long as weather is okay and the ground is okay, they can stay out for hours and daily.

38:51 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Good, good. What other amenities do you think we should highlight? The water treadmill that nobody uses?
  ACTION ITEM: Email Vicki: confirm outdoor arena dimensions - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/5WgXyo2U3zUVWVaByzmhzEj1SzV6sXKs?timestamp=2337.9999

39:00 - Maia Gromadowski
  Okay.

39:02 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Oh, incidentally, we didn't talk about the indoor arena, which is very nice. Well, yes.

39:06 - Maia Gromadowski
  And we have an outdoor. So we have an outdoor arena that's huge. I don't know the square footage. It might be about 200 by 200, but I could be wrong.  I have to ask Vicki. And then the indoor arena is 60 yards by 30 yards. It is beautiful. We have the big  fans at the top for hot summer days.  And then we have the huge garage windows along with the walls of the indoor for extra air during the summer and hotter months when it's warm out.  We'll open that up and it's absolutely beautiful and stunning. Great.

39:47 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  You've got nice big mirrors in there and everything. Yes.

39:51 - Maia Gromadowski
  Mirrors, fans, windows, lights. We have a lounge, a heated lounge and air. Conditioned Lounge with a little kitchenette, a beautiful bathroom there as well.  No shower. just a half bath. And you can see the indoor from the lounge. It's a nice little viewing room.  We have a TV in the indoor, so we can stream horse shows on it.

40:25 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Cool. And then your clients have access to the client closet where they can keep their personal belongings and helmets and boots and things like that.  And then also space in a tack room? Yes, space in the tack room.

40:36 - Maia Gromadowski
  But again, like I said earlier, a lot of the equipment here is mine. So, well, obviously not the client's saddles and bridles and all that, but in terms of like towels and cleaning supplies and other things.  Because the tack room is the guy's territory. Clients are allowed to be in there. There's a fridge in there, microwave.  There's an espresso. So everyone's allowed to do that. But ideally, the clients have access to the client closet, which there are little cubbies in there.  They can keep their boots and helmet, gloves, whatever they need. They can access their own trunks, which are in the hayloft next to the client closet.  So if they have extra supplies or anything they want to store, their trunks are obviously welcome on the property in the hayloft.

41:27 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  I already basically know the answer to this, but geographically, where do your clients come from?

41:33 - Maia Gromadowski
  Oh, boy, as far as like, what is it? Port Reading, New Jersey, and Manhattan. And then as close to North Salem.  So Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Greenwich.

41:53 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  And they're scattered all over the kind of northern half of the New York metro for the most part. Yeah.  Yes. Makes sense. Do you care about targeting? I mean, I think obviously in the absence of anything else, it makes sense to target around the facility, but do you view any of those regions as being especially valuable for messaging too?  Do you think a lot of clients might be lurking around like Greenwich or Manhattan or right around North Salem?  I mean, I'd love more people from Manhattan.

42:29 - Maia Gromadowski
  I think that's great. And I think North Salem is very easy for them to get to.

42:36 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay. Cool, cool. Goals for this website. When a stranger lands on the website, what's the number one thing that you want them to do?  Assuming that they're, you know, somebody that you're interested in talking to to begin with. Do you want them to fill out a contact form?  Yeah. Call you up, download something.

43:02 - Maia Gromadowski
  I want them to follow me on Instagram.

43:07 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, you want them to follow me on Instagram. But then, like, let's say they're interested. want to talk to you.  What do you... How should they reach out? What do you want to happen? They can call me.

43:22 - Maia Gromadowski
  Shoot me a little message.

43:24 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  So, like, if the website had a contact form and also your Instagram and your phone number?

43:30 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yes. Okay.

43:32 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Cool, cool. Describe the perfect client who walks through the door tomorrow.

43:42 - Maia Gromadowski
  The perfect client... Yeah. be very dedicated to their horse and open to other suggestions and ideas. They will have competition goals, not just training goals.  Training goals are great too, but I want clients that compete. They would definitely have a nice force, not just in terms of behavior, but on the fancier side.  They'd be a team player. They would fit in with my crowd here. They'd be supportive. They would have some dressage knowledge already.

44:36 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  How old are they?

44:38 - Maia Gromadowski
  Oh, probably between 40 and 60.

44:44 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  And they're financially well off.

44:47 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yes.

44:48 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  You don't want somebody who's constantly going to be a Jew about it.

44:55 - Maia Gromadowski
  We're going to put that on the website.

44:57 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  No Jews. I have too many. Okay, that's probably good for that. I think we get the idea. If your business was a brand outside of the horse world, what would it be?  Is there a brand that you love, like the look or the aesthetic or the composition of? Porsche. Okay.

45:24 - Maia Gromadowski
  Porsche. Porsche.

45:26 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  What does that convey to you?

45:29 - Maia Gromadowski
  Luxury and elegance and fun. Luxury and elegance and fun.

45:33 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Sounds good.

45:35 - Maia Gromadowski
  Meow, meow.

45:37 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Vroom, vroom. What do you hate about other equestrian websites or designs or anything like that? Are there colors, fonts, phrases, things that just give you the ick that we should avoid at all costs?

45:57 - Maia Gromadowski
  Honestly, I don't like when people write too much. about themselves. Because for me, and this goes again with like, like even my like dating lifestyle when I dated, I was never on the apps because how can you tell how someone actually is based on a profile?  So yeah, it might, you might, you can say a lot online, and then you meet someone, and it's just not the same as what you saw online.  So I don't like when people write too much, because part of me is like, is that true?

46:45 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Yeah.

46:46 - Maia Gromadowski
  So I don't want to have a full on like bio, like, oh, this little, I hate that. I'd rather have more, more like photos.  And shorter things. You know me and my reading. can't read that much. So, like, quick things. Here. This. That.  Not big, long paragraphs about what you did ten years ago at a horse show.
  ACTION ITEM: Email Maia photo checklist; request high-res photos (action, barn, headshot, clients/horses) - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/5WgXyo2U3zUVWVaByzmhzEj1SzV6sXKs?timestamp=2842.9999

47:17 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Yeah. Growing up, Maia always knew that she wanted to work with horses, huh? Ugh.

47:25 - Maia Gromadowski
  I'm with you.

47:26 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay, cool. Photos. You've got to get me a bunch of photos. Highest resolution that you can. Action shots. Shots of the barn.  Good headshot of you. You already sent me the Vector logo for your brand, so that's good. have that. Clients, horses, whatever.  I can send you a list of, you know, like, I'll send you a message.

47:55 - Maia Gromadowski
  I think think I'll, I have. Maybe I'll have the photographers that I know come and do a brand shoot for me here in the spring.

48:12 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Yeah, that'd be good. mean, do you want to delay the website till the spring? Because it would be better.

48:16 - Maia Gromadowski
  No, I don't, but I could update it a little bit in the spring. Yeah. Okay, cool, cool.

48:21 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  In the meantime, like whatever you can get me, I'll send you a list of, you know, just to extract from what I just said, the list of things that I think would be helpful to have photos of, and you can get me what you have.  Okay. Price resolution is best. You all right over there, darling? You starting to get a little impatient?

48:40 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yes.

48:43 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Well, darling, this is all important stuff. I have to make the grain. I mean, you have seven minutes before that, and I'm on the last section, so why don't you cool your warm jets there?  All right. Hey, cut it out. You're misbehaving now. Okay. Last section, darling. This is an important one, though, because we haven't talked about this yet.  What is every service that you are selling? Full training, partial training, lessons, clinics, sales commissions? What are you selling?  I'm selling full training. So what does that include? Somebody comes in, boards their horse with you, and trains with you how many days a week?

49:38 - Maia Gromadowski
  So it's five days a week. It can be six if you want, but ideally five.

49:44 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Does it cost more if it's six? Yes. Good. Okay.

49:52 - Maia Gromadowski
  Nobody here does that, but I'll obviously have to say that. So five days a week. Six at an additional charge.  Lessons off property. Clinics, maybe, but I don't know where or how I would do that. Maybe one day.

50:13 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  So you said lessons off property, so you're willing to travel to give lessons? Yes.

50:19 - Maia Gromadowski
  How far? Local.

50:23 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Local.

50:25 - Maia Gromadowski
  Like the furthest I'd go would be like Brewster, Bedford. 20 max. No, not far.

50:33 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Cool. Clinics, if you're available for them, if the opportunity arises. Yes.

50:41 - Maia Gromadowski
  And then help at horse shows. Okay.

50:47 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Is that high margin enough for you? Like, is that actually worth your time?

50:50 - Maia Gromadowski
  What?

50:51 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  You would charge enough for that to actually be worth your time? To help horse shows? Like to help at a...  I'm assuming you mean like you travel... I'll talk to a horse show and help somebody who's showing at one with that, right?

51:03 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yeah, but what if I'm already there? Okay, well, yes, if you're already there. Yeah. Okay. Cool, cool.

51:16 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  So that's everything? Yes. Are you getting impatient, Maia?

51:23 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yes.

51:27 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Darling, this is very useful.

51:32 - Maia Gromadowski
  You only have to do it once.

51:33 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  I know it's so unpleasant. Oh, it's just terrible. I can see you suffering greatly over there. You poor thing.  Last thing, what questions do you get asked over and over again that annoy you? We'll put the answers on the website to save you time.

52:15 - Maia Gromadowski
  I don't know if I have any.

52:30 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  I don't know. Cool, cool. Well, if you think of anything, let me know. One other thing, actually. Are you aware of, like, let's say three competitors in your area that you think have a good reputation, who are well-known?

52:50 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yeah. Who are they? My friend Molly Maloney. Love her.

52:57 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  She's great.

52:58 - Maia Gromadowski
  She's awesome. She's up in Clinton Corners. Mika Mavrigana. She is in North Salem as well. She's really great. She is an Argentinian dressage rider.

53:11 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  What's the name of her facility that I think we're going to struggle with that name, getting a transcription?

53:19 - Maia Gromadowski
  Storybook.

53:20 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay.

53:22 - Maia Gromadowski
  Storybook Farm in North Salem. That's where Mika's at. And then Yannicka Gray. She's in Newtown, Connecticut. She's super well known.

53:40 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Okay. Cool.

53:44 - Maia Gromadowski
  Good, good.

53:46 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Well, darling, you're free. That's all I got for you.

53:50 - Maia Gromadowski
  You going?

53:51 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  You going to make the drain?

53:53 - Maia Gromadowski
  Yeah, bye, bot. All right, cutie pie.

53:57 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Thanks for this. Thank you.

54:00 - Maia Gromadowski
  Love you, David.

54:00 - Matt Jesuele (neuraljets.com)
  Love you. Yeah.